README.md, before:

## How to Run
We have provided files containing intermediate output between each stage so that they may all be run independently. For example, stage 3 can be tested even if stages 1 and 2 are not yet working. Example output of stage 1 is in indexes/ and example output of stage 2 is in alignments/.

### Stage 1: Indexing
This stage is written in C, with the source code files being in src/. The relevant sections to read are the function SampleGraphletIndexAndPrint() in blant-sampling.c and the section in blant.c which calls SampleGraphletIndexAndPrint(). Other source files include various helper functions which allow the BLANT project to run, such as reading in edge list files, deduplicating graphlets, etc.

First, run "PAUSE=0 NO8=0 make base" in order to make the ./blant executable. Additional instructions about making ./blant can be found in https://github.com/waynebhayes/BLANT. After making, run "./blant -k8 -lDEG2 -mi -sINDEX [network]" and redirect the output to an index file. After doing so, you should deduplicate the lines in the index file without changing the order of the lines using "./dedup.sh [index]" We have put example index files in the indexes/ directory. The networks used to generate those index files are in networks/.

### Stage 2: Alignment
This stage is written in Python, and the source files are in the root directory of the repository. To run this stage, simply run "python3 alignment.py [index1] [network1] [index2] [network2]" and redirect the output to an alignments file. Example alignment files are in alignments/.

### Stage 2: Merging
This stage is also written in Python, and the source files are in the root directory of the repository. To run this stage, simply run "python3 merging.py [alignments] [network1] [network2]", and redirect the output to an output file. Example alignment files are in merged/. 10000 iterations is a good starting amount for any network pair that should run in a few minutes

Commit message:

edited readme to include docker stuff and added ulimit to dockerfile

README.md, after:

# Outside Links
arXiv link to paper: https://arxiv.org/abs/2212.02771
Active repo of indexing stage: https://github.com/waynebhayes/BLANT/blob/master/src/blant.c
Active repo of alignment and merging stages: https://github.com/wangpatrick57/plant

_This repo is a frozen version of the previous two repos which represents the relevant code for the version of the paper in the arXiv link. Significants parts of the code (old experiments or unrelated functionality) are removed to aid readability_

# How to Run
### Docker
We have provided an Ubuntu Docker environment to run the code in. Use ./run_docker.sh to start an interactive Docker container. This docker container has a volume to the root directory of the repository, so source code may be easily modified.

### Intermediate Files
We have provided files containing intermediate output between each stage so that they may all be run independently. Example output of stage 1 is in indexes/ and example output of stage 2 is in alignments/.

### Stage 1: Indexing
This stage is written in C and will need to be compiled with a Makefile we have provided. Running "make" for the first time will sleep for 100 seconds and show some instructions. "make clean" will clean code-related files and "make pristine" will remove all other files generated in the make process, resulting in a pristine repo. "PAUSE=0 make base" will make everything, but will take up to an hour or more to run as the k=8 files in canon_maps/ take a long time to generate. If you want to just try indexing with k<=7, you may run "PAUSE=0 NO8=1 make base".

After making, an executable called "blant" will be created. For historical reasons, this name is slightly confusing: the exectuable "blant" represents the first stage in the algorithm called "BLANT" in the paper. This executable has two parameters, k and D, described in the paper. All the .ind files in indexes/ were created with k=8 and D=2, as described in the paper. An example run of blant looks like `./blant -k8 -D2 networks/mouse.el >indexes/mouse.ind`.

### Stage 2: Alignment
The code to run this stage is in alignment.py. alignment.py takes in four parameters: two indexes and two networks. An example run of this stage looks like `python3 alignment.py indexes/mouse.ind networks/mouse.el indexes/rat.ind networks/rat.el >alignments/mouse-rat.alns`.

### Stage 3: Merging
The code to run this stage is in merging.py. merging.py takes in three parameters: an alignments file and two networks. An example run of this stage looks like `python3 merging.py alignments/mouse-rat.alns networks/mouse.el networks/rat.el`.
